EchoText version 1.1 Created by Neil Flodin

For up-to-date information on EchoText's development and news pertaining to
EchoText, please visit the website at <http://echotext.neilflodin.com.> or the GitHub page at <https://github.com/neilflodin/echotext>. Bug tracking is done semi-informally through the GitHub page or you can just email me at <neil@neilflodin.com> with any bugs you find.

Please, if can find a reproducable bug on your computer, please let me know!

--- LICENSE ---

Copyright (c) 2015 Neil Flodin <neil@neilflodin.com>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of
the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.


--- INSTRUCTIONS ---

Thank you for trying out EchoText! To get started, click on the "Add Source"
button  at the top of the screen and paste some text you have writted before. It
can be anything  from a school essay to a Facebook post. Name your new source
something cool and click on  the "Create Source" button. The source text itself
won't be saved, but a mapping of how  different words in the text follow each
other and the patterns you exhibit in the text will be saved in a sourcefile, in
the application's "sources" folder.

Now that you've added a source file, click on the "Input" menu item. you should
see some  buttons with different key combinations and words inside of them... By
entering a button's corresponding key combination or pressing the button you can
enter that text into whatever text field you're currently working in. After entering some new text the suggestions in the window will change.

If you find the program isn't predicting your typing habits accurately, try adding another source file. If predictions are VERY wrong and you believe it could be a bug, email me at <neil@neilflodin.com>.